well howdy there Internet people let's
bow again so today we've got to talk
about something that most Americans
don't really understand the economy
nobody knows how to work how it works
okay the reason we need to talk about it
is because we got a very very very very
very very strong indication that there
is a recession on the way people are
already saying we're in one we're not
but it's coming what happened the yield
curve inverted in English the amount of
money you make off of a ten-year
Treasury bond the interest rate it fell
below what you would make off of a
two-year bond
what that means is that people have less
faith and what's going to happen ten
years down the line than what they do in
two years it's pretty simple so that's a
very strong indication that we're headed
into a recession how strong out of the
last seven recessions we've had it
predicted all of them it's an extremely
strong indicator it's not going to be
different this time you normally get
well the last one it was a two-year
warning I don't think that it will
happen you'll have two years before the
recession hits on this one though
because this one is a little different
what is a recession a recession is a
decline in trade and industry activity
pretty simple also means nothing right
tells you nothing the GDP Falls for two
straight quarters so what it means what
is the GDP the gross domestic product
that's the value of goods produced and
services rendered across the country
that's what it means what is the
difference between a recession and a
depression length is that when a
recession hits two years it becomes a
depression I mean depressions are
typically a little bit more severe but
it's because they're longer-lasting
now one of the more chilling statements
that has come out of this is the former
chairman of the Fed Greenspan he made a
point to say that there was no barrier
to yields falling below zero on bonds he
seems to be bracing people for the
expectation that that happens and that
would be zero confidence in what's
happening two years or ten years down
the line that that's that's bad
unlike most previous recessions this
isn't this isn't a domino effect when
you start looking into economics and you
start reading about it they're gonna say
well typically a recession starts with
unemployment being high and then
therefore less things are bought
therefore trade declines did attitude to
that it's not how this happened this
happened because of one thing and one
thing only the tariffs what do the
tariffs do and the tariffs imposed on
the other side they limited the goods
produced that's what triggered this
people on Twitter are calling this the
Trump recession it is it is that's who
triggered it
the sad part is that because it normally
takes a while to take effect and start
feeling it he may not catch the blame it
may be the next president that catches
the blame for this but it started today
it started today now because the tariffs
are in effect I think it may happen
sooner than two years I think we might
start feeling the effects okay so what
can you do if you are on the lower rungs
of the economic class system in the
United States get prepared get prepared
don't make any purchases you don't have
to don't make any big purchases you
don't have to be start kind of swirling
away some money if you don't have it you
may end up losing your job
if you are on the upper rungs you've got
money to burn burn it right now that's
the one thing that could stop this is
increasing demand for goods and services
within the United States the tariffs
aren't allowing it to be exported burn
through any reserves you have spend it
make them produce more so the last time
tariffs triggered a recession of any
significance was about 8090 years ago
and it did go into the Great Depression
as much as it may may seem like the
thing to do to kind of cheer this on so
you can point and say look Trump did it
we knew it was gonna happen we did know
it was gonna happen if you look back
through my videos discount the last
month go back all the way to the
beginning you may find one or two videos
about the economy in the last month
there's been a whole bunch we did know
this was coming
and yeah it's Trump's fault but at this
point you're on an airplane and if it
goes down it goes down with everybody on
it we need to do what we can to mitigate
the the destruction that his
administration has caused otherwise it's
gonna get bad for a lot of people so
don't cheer this on as much as you want
to as much as I want to we've got to
work to get out of it
so this is this is kind of where we're
at and that's that's a kind of a primer
on the terms that are going to keep
popping up you can expect stock markets
to slide you can expect any bubbles to
burst it's this is what's going to
happen
it's what always happens so kind of just
be prepared be ready for it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night